---
---
Redovisning kmom07
=========================

Project work summary
-------------------------

1. Krav 1 :  
For the research regarding web design trends I have chosen 3 large insurance companies in Sweden because I thought that something commercial would have more budget to spend on web design and I thought it would be interesting to see how they design because I knew for sure that they all have in common the fact that they have to inspire safe and trust and seriousity in the same time as having a brand personality.  
I have looked at the elements used and tried to identify the principles they have thought of when designing the websites  (color palette, typography, effects used and pictures and shapes) but also a bit of functionality (loading time and navigation).

2. Krav 3 :  
For the website exercise I have decided to do the artist page because the other options seemed more interesting and I had a friend who is an artist and that is how the idea came up, that I might have some content available.  
Since it's a graphic designer and visual artist, the website is very rich in pictures and I thought there was no need for much text content, and I think this fits with my client. 
I have edited the pictures on the first page with cimage and made them fit in their containers.
For the blog, I didn’t write too much text either but it's more about the artist’s designs, so I think that works fine as well.  

3. Krav 4 :
For the first theme I wanted to do something almost minimalistic because of the client specifications but also because the art itself is in the center so I was afraid to do too much. Therefor, the theme is black/white with an accent color.
In order to blend everything in I have used one of the artist's design as a flash picture and chose to have it spread over the whole screen.
I have made the regions and pictures responsive and used the grid layouts.


4. Krav 5 :
For the second theme I also wanted to do something more flashy that speaks more but still is simple in a way. 
So I used a background picture that also represents one of his works and is black on yellow background. I used this picture as html backfroung and made the other elements transparent. I thought this would give it a modern look because of the shapes in the image and hopefully this effect is achived.  
I wanted to keep the shadow effect on the pictures containers to make them stick out, but for this design, I thought a square shape would work better.  
I also decided to not show the flash picture for this design since it was too much considering the background picture, so I just hid it with display: none.  
As layout, I have also changed the width of the elements and made it full page, which gives it a nice look.


4. Krav 6 :
For the 6th requirement, to document the structure of the LESS code I have tried to follow the guidelines that were in the instructions.
I think this exercise was good because it made me review everything and reflect over the way I have organized the code and think about alternatives that I could have used, and gave me more ideas. 
However it was not so easy because I did not manage to organize my code so well as I would have wanted but at least I understand the importance of it now. it was good also because it made me think about the modules used and how do they work and trying to put that in words.


5. The project went well to finish, but it was in a way time consuming because decisions need to be taken in terms of design and that for me is not easy. 
The research part was good to do but also take time, as I find that the more you research the more things you find.
I had some problems with cropping the pictures the right size to fit in the containers, because I did not have the original pictures and I downloaded them from other websites, which took a long time.
I also had a problem at first when starting to work on the website by copying the me/redovisa page. It seems that when I renamed the folders something in the anax framework was not working anymore and I haven't managed to fix it because my time was limited.
Therefore I have chosen to start from the beginning and that was good because I understod better and reviewed what we learned during the course.  
I think the project for this course was appropiate and fun, but I didn't like that there were 2 research exercises, even though this is good for us in the end.

6. I think the course and materials were very good, and I earned a lot from it. 
But I think design is a big topic and I think we only covered a very small small part.
However design in general is not my favourite thing to work with so I am not sure if I can give any improvement feedback. For me it was good to learn of web design, but I wish that we would have worked more or be explained/shown at the classes more about how we can work with LESS variables and the grid system.
I am happy with the course because I like the teachers and I have learned a lot personally - so for someone like me that is a very beginner in webprogramming it was good.
My grade for this course is 9 and yes I would recommend it to my colleagues.
